Add a page about Godot editor development (#4541)
godotengine/godot-docs: development/editor/introduction_to_editor_development.rst

.. _doc_introduction_to_editor_development:

Introduction to editor development
==================================

On this page, you will learn:

- The **design decisions** behind the Godot editor.
- How to work efficiently on the Godot editor's C++ code.

This guide is aimed at current or future engine contributors.
To create editor plugins in GDScript, see :ref:`doc_making_plugins` instead.

.. seealso::

    If you are new to Godot, it's recommended to read

>     :ref:`godot_design_philosophy` before continuing. Since the Godot editor is

Reviewer: This breaks the CI.
> development/editor/introduction_to_editor_development.rst:16:undefined label: godot_design_philosophy (if the link has no caption the label must precede a section header)

Should be `doc_godot_design_philosophy`.

>     If you are new to Godot, it's recommended to read
>     :ref:`doc_godot_design_philosophy` before continuing. Since the Godot editor

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you are new to Godot, we recommended you to read
    :ref:`doc_godot_design_philosophy` before continuing. Since the Godot editor
```

    is a Godot project written in C++, much of the engine's philosophy applies
    to the editor.

Technical choices
-----------------

The Godot editor is drawn using Godot's renderer and
:ref:`UI system <toc-learn-features-gui>`. It does *not* rely on a toolkit
such as GTK or Qt. This is similar in spirit to software like Blender.

> While using a toolkit makes it easier to achieve a "native" appearance, they are
> also quite heavy and their licensing is not compatible with Godot's.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While using toolkits makes it easier to achieve a "native" appearance, they are
also quite heavy and their licensing is not compatible with Godot's.
```

> The editor is fully written in C++. It does *not* (and cannot) contain any
> GDScript or C# code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The editor is fully written in C++. It can't contain any GDScript or C# code.
```

Directory structure
-------------------

The editor's code is fully self-contained in the
`editor/ <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/editor>`__ folder
of the Godot source repository.

Some editor functionality is also implemented via
:ref:`modules <doc_custom_modules_in_c++>`. Some of these are only enabled in
editor builds to decrease the binary size of export templates. See the
`modules/ <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/tree/master/modules>`__ folder
in the Godot source repository.

Editor dependencies in ``scene/`` files
---------------------------------------

> When working on a feature for the editor, you may have to modify files in
> Godot's GUI nodes which is in the ``scene/`` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When working on an editor feature, you may have to modify files in
Godot's GUI nodes, which you can find in the ``scene/`` folder.
```

One rule to keep in mind is that you must **not** introduce new dependencies to
``editor/`` includes in other folders such as ``scene/``. This applies even if
you use ``#ifdef TOOLS_ENABLED``.

To make the codebase easier to follow and more self-contained, the allowed
dependency order is:

- ``editor/`` -> ``scene/`` -> ``servers/`` -> ``core/``

> This means that files in ``editor/`` can depend on includes from all ``scene/``,
> ``servers/`` and ``core/``. On the flip side, ``scene/`` can depend on includes
> from ``servers/`` and ``core/`` but not on includes from ``editor/``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that files in ``editor/`` can depend on includes from ``scene/``,
``servers/``, and ``core/``. But, for example, while ``scene/`` can depend on includes
from ``servers/`` and ``core/``, it cannot depend on includes from ``editor/``.
```

Currently, there are some dependencies to ``editor/`` includes in ``scene/``
files, but

> `they are on the process of being removed <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/29730>`__.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`they are in the process of being removed <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/29730>`__.
```

Development tips
----------------

> To iterate quickly on the editor, it's recommended to set up a test project and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To iterate quickly on the editor, we recommend to set up a test project and
```
